Well, these different states are already open for not to allow it.
No, they're still any different causes I had.
So, the people who say before the effect sooner or later we would have to have oil be born before.
Both are my friends who were right.
No, me and Mrs. Amitabha, were there any...
...like that?
You feel there's anything improper with the spending, the 35 security risks?
No, I didn't know.
And most of the 35 were suspended because of coming to connection with the black cow.
That is the standard correct.
I think 21 hours of the album they released until 10 hours before the time.
And of the reasons for this, the spend can have little with the first word.
This was coming up with the...
...isolation in the background.
What, for a little bit, time for the people?
Well, it also affected many of them have been working in the secret radar laboratory for a very tight, well-periodic time.
I can't be sighted to the least of times as I work there, but most of them work in the laboratory for a month.
And some of them for 3, 4, 5, 8, 10, 12 years.
Well, this was for the proper interest of spend them after hearing the fact that if they should have been suspended.
Then, we faithfully say that somebody was girlically duty and not having the spend of them before the hearing started.
Well, I don't think so, Senator.
I have testified as to one of the reasons.
The principle reason was the fact that these things were brought up again and were for thanks to the fact that it was indicative of it.
This has been published in the last week and April.
It required a re-examination of all cases of extrovert and low-grade examination of all of the country's work going on.
Now, I have stated that I have a list of the most important information that I have dealt with.
That's one of the results of the investigation, which you conducted yesterday.
The fact that the Army moved more to a greater extent since the fact that it is delayed, so I think you might have otherwise been in the case.
The little bit of value that the President's new order made it possible to get rid of people who should have been got rid of years before.
Well, President's new order did one thing, and that was it required one principal thing, which was that the list of things were different from previous order.
That was that it required that in cases where they were resolved, the case was then to be resolved in favor of the government and so is in favor of the individual.
This requires a re-examination of the cases of a late number of people who have been made mindless and favorably resolved under the whole directive.
And hopefully, the examination of a minimum of 80s, raise our burden or the suspension of new individuals who have not under the order, they have been suspended or who have been suspended or re-entertained.
Let's just put the frame being forget about any particular order. We're talking now about 25 people, I believe it's set down to 21 now, is that right?
Yes, that's right.
21 individuals are suspended because of communist elections. Forgetting about any order if the suspensions are now justified.
Otherwise, if they should not be working at the secret rate our laboratory has of this 13 day of May 1954.
So, they certainly should not have been working there a year ago or two years ago or two years ago or five years ago.
Is that right?
I think the citizens are ready to go over the stock of them and I think it's a new procedure to stock up and I think it requires a suspension of some people who have not previously been suspended.
However, as you feel that people who are dangerous to the security of this nation have been gotten rid of because of the presence of the presence of New Orleans.
I think it's like truth.
Then you feel that they're not very dangerous to the people who are in a sex system who might previously have had doubts resolved when they're paid or are now having doubts resolved and saved their citizens by the principle of the security of New Orleans.
And it's a good thing.
It's been an error that's down on a very simple property.
The only reason for getting rid of what you call a security risk for a subversive is because there's reasons to believe that he might give our military sickness to someone who in turn will give them to a potential am.
That's the electric industry.
And so as of the day we started hearing, there were at least 21 people who were in that category.
Do that's right?
There were 21 and I think that was 21 already had been suspended.
And there were another 14, who were suspended.
Now, don't keep our feet bleeds, stay with your animals.
Actually, there were no suspensions until we started being left to get rid of them.
I'm not thinking about the hearing.
I have no knowledge of the data of your investigation precedes one of our programs.
It's me who have preceded that rate of not to mind now.
No, there are 67 suspensions in September, one of our suspensions in September.
So if you're a benefit, I can tell you that the investigation was out of line before that.
I'm sure that you have a comment later, but nothing has been mentioned.
That's going to a different question.
Can you tell us what witness was called a Chibnacle?
Of course, Mr. Cohn, as my chief counsel did something to Zimpoffer,
if he subpoenaed witness, we should have been subpoenaed.
I would like to know the name of one.
You see, we call, I believe, some 500 and I can't recall exactly,
over 500 witnesses in the 1956.
Out of that 500, if there's one that was called by Mr. Cohn, out of the clear of vengeance,
as a result of the threat, I would like to know about that one witness out of the over 500.
Well, I can't testify that anybody who was called, should not have been called,
so when you're having an investigation in the service,
that you were a New York community ordinarily underpriced in order to develop an investigation
that's all possible, because many of whom may get your information at all.
Hello.
This time, the full fire, I'm the victim of the fight against Mr. Cohn.
Because at the end of my time in the search, as I was interrogating you about specific charges
of the Army or the investigation, the reason for the Army,
I'd like to have our committee consider as the director of the Civil War Against the Right Car.
And if I am correct, you will be working up for today January 20th,
the season of the day, breaking fine in the attitudes of the car.
And the castifying of two dates, an incident, prior to January 20th.
If I am correct for the detective, as far as the lighting of the passenger out of my role concerned,
you felt that he had done nothing between justice by the 11th and the charge against him on that occasion.
That's it.
And I think he said the same thing with truth, concerning the luncheon of November 6th is that, sir.
Well, that's not quite correct, sir.
I agree with you.
I consider this that Mr. Cohn was a participant in the luncheon of November 6th,
just that he was in the luncheon of December 10th.
And that it was a form of accuracy, and I did say to you just as I say it to you.
Well, I heard him calling him in response to an inquiry when I was in the year of office in January.
But after the date of January 20th, for thereabouts, I had not felt that any actions
wanted the car to have so far been in the category that I could call him in properly,
one person's in demean.
What was the date of your sentence with Mr. Cohn in the phone about January 1940?
Correct.
Just the chairman was in the present chairman, Epstein chairman was not certain that that conference
was not always known, and it's rather a conversation that I had as an ambassador.
That's right.
So I would have to try to find out some new concerning situation in the conference.
I've done it if I am correct, and your five-assignant attorney, Miss Oliver, was on January 20th?
19 or 19.
Yes, sir.
One of that was three days of being 19 or 20.
That was two days before your conference with me, and two days before your sentence was undirected.
Right?
Yes, sir.
Do I misunderstand you if I did not?
We can jump from that date to the five-assignant's attorney and come closer to the president.
Did you say that you told Senator Miss Oliver in that conference?
Up to that time Frank Carter has done nothing with you, so it's just about the...
I mean, no.
It's basically complaining of...
No, sir.
You kind of like I said earlier.
Yes, me, whether or not I thought that Miss Oliver was action-designant's conference.
Well, Miss Oliver and I were pretty happy to find him there.
But Carter's action has been in progress.
They have not by them getting burdens from them.
However, I have the faith in them.
I have the faith in many...
So, for some of the persuasion from us, I stated to...
I didn't say to them that I stated to you earlier today,
but I told them until last time that Miss Carter was more of an agent to another principal.
And although he had it, I had a feeling bent.
Although he had...
I spoke to me on some occasions with mid-tune,
along this is called when you talk with him, along this is called when you're in Massachusetts.
We've written back in the train and talked with some links.
He had been eight co-parts of the political senator in the luncheon of December 10th.
There's no way things end themselves at that time.
It did not seem to me to be particularly burdensome.
If you had a head, we could be sure to list up the...
If you had a...
Carol, you told her that's the same one.
Let me say this as far as the chair is concerned.
He's got a sort of a whole situation he's feeling about elementals of.
Which may or may not be correct, and you're a thing, you know, any a thing, you know about.
But that whole situation elementals dealing with justice is that any of my actions,
who is charged or doing something wrong,
are the right to have that charge made against him because the chair has been a member of the Investigating Committee to Congress now,
are well over the senior.
I know that investigating committees are frequently accused
of making charges which are not supported, of attacking innocent people.
But I must say that I have never done a number, or have known as any of the Investigating Committee,
that ever to my knowledge has ever accused any Americans, simply instead you are a cook,
and you're guilty to tell what cook is any day.
I don't think that the Army to take the position to say this is a cook.
Or doing improper things, generally without giving us something specifically day.
And I suppose to continue to determine its courage as a few,
until he says this is what he did for sure.
I would say that he did nothing to me, so I don't think it's at all there.
For any American to be charged, simply with being a cook,
until you're willing to specify, did he rather think,
did he steal a horse, did he burn down a barn,
did he write a false check, what did he do?
Now what did Mr. Carter do, if anything,
prior to January 20th?
That's something that's clear,
that you're speaking for your point of view, says there's something resembling intimidation,
or a theft, or an improper means,
that you're preferring to your statements for days now.
Well, that's kind of a monster,
both this morning and the staff and everyone,
I strive to complete a station to which it will develop,
at least in the farest ice of the doubt that the fact is that
it's appropriate to January 20th.
I have to turn you in one moment, there I am.
Was you on the main fire of the January?
Are you pleased with me, please?
Yes, but I would like to know that I'm in fire of the January question.
First, I am going to try and tell you that one cannot answer questions,
and what he will commit to, and I am trying to answer it,
and I'll try and do it in about three minutes.
Well, what's subsequent to January 20th?
That it appears to me, in looking back,
about these matters, will part of the pattern.
I'm January 20th, and prior to January 20th,
they did not seem to need to be so bad.
What's subsequent to January 20th?
In February, and in March, then in March,
with the period that the required pattern.
I'm January 20th, they did not confirm me.
I'm December 20th, when I had lunch, I was December 25th,
and the Chicago students were putting on the bottom of the map.
On November 26th, when I came back on the train
from Massachusetts, with the bottom of the map,
from near New Jersey, it was later,
about here, on a reflection, that it was a pattern.
What's the thing I was trying to tell you today,
is that it was morning, and that's the thing I'm trying to tell you now.
Anything, could you give us one?
Yes, sir.
And maybe for you, is the question enough?
Did Mr. Carr do anything, or is there anything?
Carr has to graduate from you,
which, as can tell, he did it, or said it seemed
in your opinion to be in power, or of that, or incomeration.
It didn't seem any after time.
Thank you.
I will move to January 20th, down the present day.
And you tell me, the first date, and the first occurrence
that you felt was improper on the part of his car.
Well, I was curious during February,
and his urgent is that I should contact George at the call gate,
which he did through the latter part of the month of January,
the first few days in February.
I did contact George at his persuasion,
and from the point where he heard me again,
that I called the Chicago State.
That seemed any of these dreams.
Uh, the load matters, the load matters,
and himself still wouldn't have been as bad.
Now, the following is the call.
You were spending so much time with the American President of Election.
Are you doing what I'm talking about?
Yes, sir.
Foreign cars would suggest that you would talk to George about this?
No, I thought it was odd.
It was strange, it was unusual.
I did not use that sort of thing.
The cars, however, were not just the ones that were used in unusual or odd,
and you would just say that he stopped by in company to obtain different things.
So I asked you specifically whether to ask a user about the jet to talk to you
or to consider volume to be improper,
and whether you asked that to just the same type of car that you just didn't use on the jet.
What drives you to the state of the state?
The charge issued by the Army on April 30th,
signed by Justice M. Welch,
by the time, as if the specifications for these games.
The problem that we can see on the fourth line,
was just paid by the provide, just for it.
Well, this is what's on the fourth line.
All right, do we read for it?
Well, sir, that's it, not specified.
That's right, that's right, that's it, not specified.
Can I talk to you about that?
I'll say it, of course not.
I'm asking you to talk to you about this.
I can say you did it with by the time that it was all done,
as I have stated to you, sir,
and this may not be a better factor, Hector.
On this question, the team in the year goes out of the proper action.
And then you've very good question.
And then we can sooner or later, we'll get you up with the date.
Ask the car.
That's the car I asked you.
The telephone, George the Coltie.
If you interpret that as being an improper thing,
you could hear me to do it.
Well, I think more of an improper share.
My family is fine.
Now, by unanimous consent, the chair would ask the permission
to call on Senator Potter, other word,
because he has to catch you.
Yes, the chair will let me make one observation
of being led to yield.
I have to catch his brain also.
And I may say a little, chairman before I depart,
but some of my questions, at least,
will have to do with testimony
as if this witness, presently, is on the renovation
onto this closed and, then, here's testimony.
I assume cannot be concluded this afternoon,
but if we call back one later,
then I shall look forward to another question
on my part until that date.
Thank you, Mr. Chair.
I'm just contentioned with how long son the Potter has been.
Son the Potter?
Mr. Adams, in my previous ten minutes in chair,
I question you as to whether or not
this time, you received preference for free.
Now, I believe you just advised, in fact,
that he received preference for free from hesitate
and result of a request made for committee duty.
In no way, effective, in no way, was to interfere
with his training before that.
Now, this, the treatment card,
according to private sign, you interfere
with his training before that.
It is my understanding that it is,
I am not really confident to answer that question
because the official report sticks,
no it in the tail, and I have not read
that the bill reports the forcibly,
so I cannot answer in detail.
I have no only that general round,
the commander of forcibly,
is calling on the age of December,
and this indicates that he was afraid,
that the weekday of availability of the soldiers
is going to interfere with his training.
Well, then, can you testify as to whether he did,
or did not receive preference for free
from which interfere with his training?
I cannot testify from my own knowledge,
so I believe that the old answer is better
than the answer by general Ryan or his age
because I have not made a detailed study
about what happened before today.
I would like to refer again to the stipulations made
by Fundament Carthamette de Cone and Mr. Cough.
And stipulation number 10,
they said,
new stories,
quote-unreliable thought is outstanding,
but the reason he, referring to Robert Cine,
was not given the consideration
to which he would otherwise have been entitled,
but because of his connections with his committee.
Now, the question I wish to ask you, Mr. Adams,
was Robert Cine discriminated against?
Because of his former associations with his committee.
I have no knowledge of this there.
I do not believe that he was.
I have never heard of a watch from any source at all.
I have never heard anything in the State that, sir.
In your knowledge of the Army,
the private time had gone in with all the panfares.
Would he have received any higher ratings?
Would he receive the commission?
Would he have received more desire for duty?
Well, I think that the answer to the last third in the negative.
I think your private Cine has been rather sniffed.
But his application for a commission was then rejected.
I think that he would have been drafted.
I think that living in New York,
he was the first eight weeks of face-to-face training at sports camp stage.
I think that with his background,
he probably would have been considered qualified
for the same sort of additional training,
and that he probably would have gone to camp board.
So I would say that I don't think anything happens to him.
Private, if my understanding,
the private time has a college education that too.
Yes, sir.
And I assume that the private time received the aptitude test
or the evidence test that everyone was able to receive.
Yes, sir.
Is my assumption right that he is a semi-above average?
And in charge of the high rating, I don't know, sir.
I don't know anything about his IQ or anything of that sort.
I would say, sir, it was reference to whether or not he should have had a commission.
The only person who is commissioning people only in certain special branches,
such as the medical corps, the dental corps,
the judge-athletes, the general corps,
people who have to have a special educational background.
I don't think that the Alex commission generally are available to men
by reason of having a degree in the bachelor's degree.
The reason I'm asking this year is the question.
I think that we want to make sure that the weather's private time
was discriminated against or not.
I know, sir, he was not.
All right.
That's a different then to circulation number 15.
And it's dropping down into several parts
and I would like to read number of subsection A.
I have to admit to Adams and Mr. Steven's claim
that they were threatened and amused by the chairman of Mr. Cohen.
They extended the hospital's health development
except his health development for the chairman of Mr. Cohen.
Now, is this true?
That is true.
The invite is asked to and why.
Well, the simple answer is the one I gave you yesterday, sir.
No, no, hit of an executive agency is anxious to remain in the state of hostility
with the committee chairman or with the staff of the committee with which you must work.
And that it's a normal thing to attempt to infiliate after there is difficulty.
And what occurs in this thing?
And in the purpose of accepting the hospital as a chairman of Mr. Cohen,
following the claim that the elect threat was in order to better your relationship
with the committee that threat to keep our relationship,
which generally was good.
Despite the threat, we managed to infiliate Mr. Cohen.
I think this reveries the incident of the 20-odd total.
I think we managed to lift it so that we could develop on that day.
All points be.
The day after Mr. Cohen is alleged to have made threaten and violent statements
to Mr. Adams.
Mr. Adams, Dying with Mr. Cohen and his family, Mr. Cohen, who?
Is that true?
That is correct, sir.
And was that done for the same purpose?
No, I think if I can give you about three sentences.
The description of the incident, Mr. Cohen, within the Washington, about afternoon,
and I went to New York on the same airplane with Mr. Cohen and Mr. Car.
We were going to arrive about dinner time in the evening,
and I had suggested that we go to Christ by that night.
And I was going indicated that the tickets would be at his house.
So as we were at the point when we were in New York,
I think as we were in a cab, Mr. Cohen said,
well, we'll have dinner at my house.
I had a very obvious choice.
I could either say, no, I'll eat at the drug store, and you pick me up,
or I could go to his house.
That's what I was in my savings.
You, the president of the Price Price, yes sir, and his family,
the very best sister of me.
This mother-in-law.
As was Mr. Cohen.
Now, point E.
After Mr. Cohen has alleged to have said about wrecking the Army,
and causing us the sniffer of Mr. Adam's boss,
Mr. Adam continued to invite Mr. Cohen to lunch,
and to discuss Hill Off Partnership with him.
Now, maybe just a tie yesterday that we're discussing
on the Law Offerer Partnership for him.
So, from and just that you had,
that you weren't worried about it,
but these theories are meetings,
of social meetings between yourself and Mr. Cohen.
During the period of time when the so-called threat will be in me,
was a for the, because the threat were,
you just considered as the threat to the inside,
and you, so you enjoyed the social friendship of Mr. Cohen,
or did you feel that by fraternizing to that extent,
he would be an a better position to heal the wounds,
so called, or to stop the threat.
Well, this particular specification was about the last time we saw each other.
We went to lunch together that day in the restaurant
in the Senate Office Building,
and I went back to his office that afternoon when that is to the occurred.
And that was on about the 13th of January.
I don't recall that I saw Mr. Cohen very much,
or very often after that.
And I saw him at a hearing in New York on February 18th,
and I think he had gone to Florida on January 20th,
for thereabouts, January 16th.
We saw each other.
We saw each other very very little.
There's a little more rope on that microphone,
and if you pull up first, you'll tell your user,
you'll have to lean forward,
but I'll be very comfortable with you.
If I pull it first, you'll fall off.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Adams, yesterday I asked you that was it,
there's your contention that if the,
the Army had given Mr. Shion a commission,
or had given an assignment in New York,
that your problems or difficulties with the committee
would have changed.
So I believe I have still few thoughts that they...